hi I'm Uriel came from total wellness
cleanse calm today I'm going to talk to
you about how to lose belly fat this is
a very common question I get how do I
lose fat specifically in my abdominal
area this is a question of it for men
from women how do I lose fat around my
hips these are so frequently asked it's
amazing and it's a great question now
let's understand some of the physiology
another basically what it comes down to
is I don't like to say that it's almost
predetermined but there is a degree of
predetermination in this in this
equation if you look at your body shape
right most likely it reflects one of
your parents either your dad or your
mother so if you want to have an idea of
how you know the potential you have with
of the mold you have to work with look
at one of your parents that's most
likely the frame the body shape the way
you'll distribute weights that you're
going to take on as well so for instance
I have more of a physiology morbot
attack like my dad my brother is alerted
similar to my mom right my girlfriend is
similar make up to her mother right
having a heavier set in the hips thinner
up top other I mean everyone is
individual right so the key is work with
what you have but understanding that
there's still a lot of obviously word
that you can do to help you lose belly
fat or fat on your thighs regardless of
you know what your parents body shape
might look like so let's look at how it
comes about so let's look at Memphis I'm
just going to commit as an example and
then I'll kind of translate this into
women so men typically gain weight
around their abdomen and there's a
reason for this since obviously
testosterone which is a major problem in
our body which stimulates or or triggers
certain receptors to be located in our
abdominal area now we have different
luck against too technical to physiology
but we did basically have two different
types of fat receptors and one type of
fiber sector allows the body to oxidize
or burn fat while the other one tells
the body the store
and it just so happens in men that we
have more of the store fat receptors in
our abdominal area that's why for men
that's the first place that fat will be
stored that's where we why we gain
weight in the abdominal area in our
belly the problem is that belly fat is
highly correlated to cardiovascular
cardiovascular disease diabetes and all
sorts of other you know negative health
health and locations for women those say
those same fat storing receptors are
located around their hips and finds and
for them this is again a hormonal thing
mainly because the body is telling the
brain or the body is telling itself that
it needs fat in those areas for instance
to protect the reproductive system right
so there's a reason for everything now
that's not to say that you can lose
weight in those areas and that you
should you know grow to 400 pounds
because that's not what you want but the
key is understand that okay between my
genetic makeup my genetic predisposition
and the understanding of what's happened
with the receptors not that that really
makes too much of an issue in those
areas you can start to understand how
you can go about you know improving and
getting rid of some bad 5 those areas so
for instance um women right first place
to store fat will be in the hips and
thighs generally now if you want to lose
fat the first place you will lose 5 is
somewhere else at the last place during
to lose fat is in that area again
because those receptors are very good to
hold on to the fat and they will not
release it until it very last moment so
you're going to lose you're going to
gain fat in those areas first and those
same areas will lose fat last men you're
going to gain fat mainly of the
abdominals first and lose fat from the
abdominals in the belly last hope that's
clear so if you're on a weight loss
regime whether it be exercise healthy
eating whatever it is remember you're
going to see weight loss your face in
your neck upper body perhaps your legs
last place is going to come from men and
your belly women
in your hips and thighs okay so we're
really really important understand that
so don't be discouraged if you're not
seeing the results that you want because
the key is to develop over time a
lifestyle that promotes healthy eating
regular exercise and obviously you need
to do periodic cleansing I talked about
this in another video on losing weight
and the importance of cleansing to help
you lose weight is that it tells the
body or it actually helps the body rid
rid itself of toxins and build up of
stuff of acid and toxins that gets
stored in your fat cells the more you
can get rid of that toxic buildup in
your body the better time you're going
to have the more able your body is going
to be to say hey listen fat we can
actually shrink in size because not as
many of the toxins are in our body right
our fat cells are storage basins for
toxins right so they basically swell in
size with more toxic accumulation in the
body as we detoxifying cleanser body
those fat cells can shrink in size as
more the toxins and acid leave our
system so if you need help I encourage
you I mean you probably do if you're
looking to lose weight we need to engage
and are properly guided and personalized
cleanse program and that's what the
total wellness cleanse is all about it's
starting up very soon it's going to be
running from january second all the way
through to the end of january 2009 just
a few more weeks before we excitedly
launch it for a select number of people
only we can only work with a select
number of people basically because it's
a very highly supportive highly
personalized program that i will
personally be working with you and my
colleague amy will be doing the same as
well so it's not a product that you can
just you know we can just sit back and
watch it fly off the shelves this is
something we are daily on top of you
daily it with you a whole way your guide
you supporting your motivating phone
email hold it you're never going to find
anything like this ever if you order
your natural path you won't find the
situation the local nutritionist you
will not get the planned tools and the
support that you will get
total wellness cleanse so get started
today at total wellness cleanse calm for
/ preview HTML and I hope to see you in
our amazing cleanse program that will
change your life